Hear that?
The knife is right at the door.
Now you kneel down and beg me for forgiveness, I still have time.
The little knife you are talking about
It is because of the knife.
Looks like you know him too.
He is a famous boss.
Murder, arson.
I don't know how many people have met
You have to call him big brother.
Murder, arson.
I'm scared.
Xiao Fan, go.
My wife had problems with him before.
This time he definitely won't let you go.
Okay, don't worry.
This time I will solve the problem completely.
Xiao Fan, now is not the time to say these things.
Now about this.
This time his wife did not bother him every day.
After the evening never come to bother you again.
Not a small breath.
Knife, I'm here.
No matter how much knife you use
You are too polite.
What are you knocking on the door for?
Can't you just open the door?
I want to kick you right now.